you don't know about this insanely rare
villager. You're probably thinking of
the jungle villager or a villager riding
a chicken, but everyone knows about
those. And until a few days ago, I had
never even heard of this villager. And I
bet you haven't either. That's because
this villager is only in the 2025 April
Fool's snapshot craft mine, where you
have to unlock different features of the
game by playing through mines. But
villagers are insanely rare to begin
with because they can't be unlocked like
most other mobs. The only way to find
them is by finding a village. But
villages don't generate in any of the
normal mines, and zombie villagers don't
spawn either, making it nearly
impossible to get villagers. And on top
of that, beating this update doesn't
require you to find villagers. So, the
only person I saw that found this
villager is someone who wanted to beat
100% of this update. They found it by
doing one of the special boss fights,
but ignoring the boss and flying away to
a village because boss fight maps are
the only ones that spawn structures. And
once they found a villager, they put
down a load stone, which turns the
villager into a vindicator that sells
illagers called the traitor.